Thank you so much for taking this course.
It's designed for a wide audience but here are some basics.
You definitely need to be someone who has Node.js
basics and fundamentals in hand, because I'm not teaching
you Node.js. You will definitely learn some things that are
applicable to Docker and containers with Node.js.
But, this course isn't designed to teach you a programming
language. It's assuming that you know Node.js enough to
write simple apps at least.
The other thing is, you need to know the basics of Docker.
If you haven't checked out my Docker Mastery course, that's
where you learn those basics. You learn the core
fundamentals of the command line, how to make images and
all that stuff. You're going to need, definitely, those
skills before you start this course.
So, go check those out, if you haven't already.
Once you've got those basics, this is a course for anyone
on the Node.js path, whether you're someone who's
relatively new to both Node and Docker.
Or, maybe you've been using Node and Docker for quite some
time now, but you want to make sure you're getting the most
out of it. I have been using Docker and Node since the
early days of Docker and the early days of Node.
For years and years now, I have used both these products,
and I'm a big fan of both. So, I'm excited that we finally
have the best course, I think, on the Internet,
for learning how to get the best out of Node and the best
out of Docker together.
With this course, we're going to start out with some
review.
You're going to have a section on Docker Compose
basics, sort of as a review.
If you haven't really learned Docker Compose yet, it'll be
helpful for you to have that. If you've already learned
Docker Compose, it's a quick review of what you're going to
need to know to get going forward in this course.
Then after that, we're going to jump into the Dockerfile
and focus on getting the best, basic core
Dockerfile you can so we can build on that throughout the
course. You're going to see that throughout this course,
how we're going to iterate and make things better, and
better, and better as we go, learning on different
techniques that you learned in the past sections.
So, you can definitely jump around in all these different
sections if you want.
But, it's designed that you kind of take in order so in
case you skip ahead and you check something later in the
course and it doesn't quite make sense, or some things I
mention, check back earlier in the course to make sure that
you didn't miss some of those key videos to relate
to that later video.
Once you've got those basics down of the Docker Compose,
and the Dockerfile and the Docker image,
then you're going to focus on some nuances that
you maybe might not completely understand, and I'm going
to clear it all up for you.
One of those is understanding how Docker and Linux,
in general, control the Node process.
How Docker changes that to make sure that you know
what different options there are for starting up and
shutting down Node, and what the right ways to do it are,
in different scenarios.
Then, you're going to jump into some neat, advanced, newer
features. Some that are brand new as of these videos
coming out, around making that Dockerfile the most
efficient and flexible possible, using things called
BuildKit, and Multistage and a whole bunch of other stuff
you'll learn.
Then, in the next section, I'll jump back a little bit and
talk more about distributed computing and cloud
design. Because that's really the core principles of Docker
is to use something called Twelve-Factor design.
We want to make sure that our Node apps are doing that in
our containers, and how we might migrate old apps
into this new way of doing things in a container.
After that, you're going to have a great section on
Compose. It's one of the most exciting for me to make in
this course, because it's taking all the sweet little
features of Compose that not everyone knows about,
and combining them all together to get you a really
efficient local development and test setup
with using Docker Compose command line and the Docker
Compose YAML file.
I'm pretty sure that most of you are going to learn at
least a few things in that section.
It's got a lot to it.
I hope you stick with that one and learn everything because
you'll be using those skill sets for the rest of the
time that you'll be using Docker in your career.
Later on in the course, after that, we're going to start
focusing on production concerns.
Now that you've built this ultimate developer setup, you've
concerned yourself with some of the testing things you need
to worry about. Now we're going to focus on production.
The first there is to worry about the image and to make
sure we have added all the production type things we
concern ourselves with into the images or into
the Dockerfiles themselves.
Then, we'll jump into deploying those
containers and running them in production.
Whether you're going to run those on someone else's setup,
or you're going to build your own servers and run them.
Whether you're going to use Docker Engine, or maybe
something fancier like orchestration with Kubernetes or
Swarm, I've got you covered.
We're going to cover some of the generalities of the things
you need to worry about. Specifically, when it comes to
HTTP connections and web apps, which
Node is great at. We'll focus on connection handling,
whether it's the start, the beginning, the middle,
the end of all those different connections, I've got you
covered on that. I even give you some sample files
on different orchestrators and ways you can go about
deploying your Node.js containers.
Again, I'm excited that you're taking this course.
I put a lot of love into this thing because I love both
Docker and Node.js.
As I've said, I've been using both for years.
I really wanted to take everything that I've learned from
others,
because you all teach me the same thing in my open source
on GitHub at conferences and community events that
I have been going to for years and years now.
I'm always learning how to make these things better.
I've taken everything I could think of and thrown it into
this course, which is why it's got so many videos.
I'm really excited for you that you're going to be learning
all this stuff too. I'll look forward to seeing you either
in the Slack Chat, or in the Q & A,
or sending me a Tweet with your completed certificate
that you finished this course.
Any of the ways you want to communicate with me is great.
I love to get feedback, good or bad.
I hope after you finish this course, you take a look at my
other courses and give me ideas for courses that you need.
Because, that's what I'm doing here is making more and more
DevOps type learning here.
I'm looking forward to your ideas on what you're ready for
next.